Project Personal Business Website

Planning and Design:
Based on the main idea of creating and maintaining my very own website, I have gathered what I believe it may include so visitors can have a pleasant viewing experience. My first website may be easy to access, navigation, and simple but with meaningful content.

For Fonts, I have chosen four (4) main fonts that may make my site amicable to the visitor:
Open Sans Condensed,
Lato, sans-serif,
Explora, cursive, and,
IBM Plex, sans-serif.

Of FontAwesome, I am inspired to use CC Stripe and Eraser. However, I am planning to use my very own design which dates back to 2002.

From Canva Wheel, there are three (3) color choices for background, contrast and transition. The chosen ones are #ac5365, #53aca2, #b14e5e. There are four more that I wish to chose from the same category.

I am yet to create an icon that would identify my ficticious company, I am using my old and fake business card which has sharp edges on the icon.
C:\Users\gavil\Documents\fall2021-webdesign-abidan\projects\potfolio_planning\Website\business-card.jpg

For my mocked website, I am definetely using the pages we have created and worked on html.
The proposed lineup webpages are:

HOME PAGE, it will contain a Main container where my picture or LOGO image will be displayed, a Sidebar navigation, and a footer where the copyrights will be allocated.

ABOUT ME, a one page biography where I'll describe myself in a professional level. My accomplishments, challenges, goals and future projects. An honest view of self which will include skills, capabilites, areas of expertise and clientele served. Display core values as a selling point to prospect individuals for future business.

The second part will transition to my association with CC Corp. Group, which will be my business name to be used in a near future should I own a small business here in the US.

SERVICES, a ficticious line of services that resemble of a consulting firm but dedicated to building and maintaining websites.

CC CORP PROJECT, an individual collaboration from a group of five founders of a small internet cafe that I hold rights to own. 

HOBBIES, it will display my stargazing hobby, plans to share other interests such as simple car repairs and maintenace and racing interests.

CONTACT, off my personal business card. 

I am adding an old outdated resume for this project, an updated one will be installed later on for the purpose of this course.

End.