
Welcome Navigator!

My name is Jose Abidan Ramirez and I am an amateur skywatcher.
This page is dedicated to those of you who look up to the sky, are curious about what's up there near and in the deep space. 

Why do I enjoy doing this hobby? There is always something to look up at, I alsways feel fascinated to when I see the sky. Look up to hunt for planets, comets, meteor showers see the moon up close. Since I was a little kid, I would see that never ending, giant black screen that never stops moving until daybreak. 

If you are like me who wish to learn how to become an amateur skywatcher and don't know where to begin.
You can start by doing the following:

	First get outdoors, check the weather and see if there are any clouds that it may obstruct the view.
	If you live in a city or town, you may have to travel to a rural less light polluted area to see the sky more clearly.
	
	Sometimes you don't even need for an instrument like a telescope or a smartphone to see a full moon, spot a planet or search 		for a constellation, you can even watch a meteor shower.
	For individuals with visual impairment, they can listen to the space phenomena by converting light to sonic waves, some 		require digital instruments or radio instruments to catch frequencies for example sound strikes from a meteor.
	
	Downlowad sky maps in your smartphone or other capable portable device. Most popular ones are Sky Map, Sky Chart, NASA, among 		others, see further bellow.

If you want to start investing in your next hobbie, you may need:
	A David H. Levi's Guide to the Stars Map, you can buy one for around $14.95. It comes with instructions and very easy to use.
	
	Buy a portable telescope for the urban dweller or a fixed one for the ones living outside of the big cities where is really 		dark. 

 
Once you get comfortable, you can visit Space.com or NASA.gov to get updates of current or future events happening in the sky.
Here are also some helpful links to further into your new passion:
	For sky maps downloads, go to https://www.tomsguide.com/round-up/best-stargazing-appsresources
	For getting started in astronomy, go to https://skyandtelescope.org/astronomy-resources/stargazing-basics/how-to-start-right-	in-astronomy/ 

There is a ton of information up there that you can use to swim into the night of stars. I, myself will share as much as can.

Take care, peace!